Add docs about parameter transformation (#4196)
equinor/ert: docs/reference/configuration/keywords.rst

        In general, the first keyword on each line in the parameter configuration file
        defines a key, which when found in the template file enclosed in ``<`` and ``>``,
        is replaced with a value. The rest of the line defines a prior distribution
        for the key.

>         **Note that ert only stores values between 0 - 1, and the transformation is**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Note that ERT only stores values sampled from a standard normal distributions, and a transformation is**
```
